[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Every
living thing on our planet
is dependent on it
for our nourishment,
yet we've come to fear it's
presence and energetic output.
I'm talking about the sun.
Nearly every
substantial ancient body
of spiritual and
esoteric knowledge
regards the sun as a
great teacher, even a god.
But as NASA keeps its
telescopes trained
on the constant
activity, it's fast
becoming an adversary
in the eyes of some,
if not to many people.
Here today, we're going to
talk about the sun's activity
and how it's being
interpreted scientifically.
We're with Jack Cary.
And we're just starting there.
We've been talking off camera.
We could talk all day.
But let's start with
the sun, because it's
so central to the themes of
the electromagnetic activity
on the planet and our brains
and our own bodies and so forth
and get into the
anomalous science
that you're running into.
>>JACK CARY: Sure, absolutely.
Well, the sun-- and
I believe you're
going to show the video--
recently had some very, very
strange activity occur.
These orbs approached
our star, deposited
what looked like very long
appendages into the sun
and began to interact with it,
which is fascinating for us
as a species that depends
upon it so totally.
>>REGINA: It really shocking.
The visual images were shocking.
It was almost like sticking
a straw in and sucking
energy out of the sun.
But this orb is
massive in size, when
you think that, what is
it, a million Earths could
fit inside the size of the sun.
How large must that
thing have been?
>>CARY: Oh, it was
on a scale that
humans-- we have a hard
time even contemplating.
The type of technology it would
require to produce something
like that that can interact with
a star on that kind of a level
is beyond anything that
most of us can imagine.
And what's fascinating is
right before this occurrence
happened recently
and in 2012, right
at the time of the Mayan
prophecy of there being
an end to this current
society, you also
had one of these orbs show
up, interact with the sun.
This was all occurring at a time
when you could literally get on
to spaceweather.com and
watch these huge X flares
beginning to form and cause
a real concern for life
on this planet.
And all of a sudden, you
have these orbs show up.
They put these appendages
down into the sun,
they interact with our
star, they shoot off
into space at such a velocity
that it left us just awestruck.
And then the sun goes completely
quiet, as quiet as a church
mouse after all of this--
>>REGINA: Yeah,
because it almost seems
like it's siphoning off energy.
>>CARY: Right.
>>REGINA: And you think
about-- I mean like you said,
the technology would be
incomprehensible to us
when you think about just the
sheer temperatures of the sun,
surface-- I mean internal
temperatures are just
27 million degrees Fahrenheit.
It's like we can't
fathom this stuff.
>>CARY: Can't even fathom that.
And having the technological,
scientific know-how
of what to do to a star
in order to make it
not a threat to a
neighboring planet
is indicative of interaction
with the Type 2 civilization.
>>REGINA: It is.
And before we go
further, explain-- you're
talking Michio Kaku's work.
Explain what a Type 2
civilization is to people.
>>CARY: Right.
Well, there are
various physicists
around the world who have
classified what they believe
different space-faring
civilizations would
be capable of doing.
A Type 2 civilization
is an alien civilization
that's literally learned how
to harness the power of a star
to alter it, to use it
to their ends and means.
And the type of
technology required
to do something like that is
so beyond anything, thousands
of years beyond our
capability here on Earth.
And you look at where
we've come in 100
years from horse-drawn
covered wagons
to going to various
stellar bodies
within our planetary
system, in 100 years you
are a truly amazing
species to be
able to do something like that.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
>>CARY: And even that
you would say, well,
we've got to be 10,000
years from being
able to do something like that,
even at that kind of pace.
>>REGINA: Oh, I mean,
it is mind-boggling,
but it's kind of
fun to contemplate.
So first of all, the
telescopes that are picking up
this activity, are
they looking in
a normal spectrum, far
infrared, ultraviolet-- what
spectrum are they seeing into?
>>CARY: Yeah, well, they have
actual what are called SOHO
telescopes run by NASA that
measure all kinds of different
frequencies on the sun and
electromagnetic activity
and can see in different
spectrums of light and--
>>REGINA: That's what
I'm wondering, is
what spectrum of light was
that showing itself in?
>>CARY: That was full spectrum.
That was just there--
>>REGINA: OK, so now that's
what leads to the next question.
So if we can see it
with our technology,
this is not like it's a
higher dimension-- it may have
another aspect of it that is.
It's in these
dimensional fields.
So it has to play with the laws
however they might actually
exist.
We don't really understand them.
>>CARY: Right, within
this particular dimension.
>>REGINA: This
dimension, exactly.
>>CARY: And, yeah, these
things, whatever this Type 2
civilization is, it
is clearly interacting
on a biological level.
>>REGINA: That's what
I was going to say.
It has to be organic.
This is not technology
as we understand it.
>>CARY: Now, you may be
looking at a civilization that
does have those capabilities,
that is able to go
into another dimension.
And there's plenty of physicists
even today around the world
who are saying, yes,
these extra dimensions
do exist, that if they
exist, there are, in fact,
other creatures living on them.
And if there are, then
it's likely some of them
are so advanced that
they have figured out
a way into this dimension.
>>REGINA: And we're going to
get into a lot of that talk
in a little bit, too.
>>CARY: Right.
But this apparently
looks like a civilization
that has developed here in
our space-time continuum
within not too
far of a distance.
And it looks like elements
of that civilization
are now interacting
with this planet.
>>REGINA: So from other accounts
of these type of extremely
advanced orbs and
such, it appears
that, as you mentioned
earlier, that these
seem to tend to be
organic and interface
with consciousness directly,
are conscious themselves, even.
>>CARY: Right.
>>REGINA: And so
I'm just looking--
I'm just trying to
figure this thing out
on a third/fourth-dimensional
level that we're in here.
How can that-- even
the surface of the sun
is still another, what,
10,000 degrees or something,
the coolest part of it, just
the part we start receiving.
And so what do you
do with that, right?
>>CARY: Yeah, I
mean, what are you
going to do to have any say-so?
>>REGINA: How arrogant
to think we would.
>>CARY: Right,
with a civilization
that has those capabilities.
Now, what's fascinating to
me is that in a huge body
of ancient lore running through
civilization after civilization
on this planet, you
have clearly what
is depicted as being an
interaction between humanity
and an alien species
of some kind.
Now, what's fascinating is that
at some point in that lore,
you begin to pick up elements of
these things hiding themselves.
They go into concealment.
And why is that?
Why did they decide to conceal
their presence from the species
that they are now
interacting with?
And what does that mean?
What does that tell us about
our place in that civilization
and their plans for us?
That's where we really need to
begin to focus our attention.
Was that a point where a
non-benevolent leadership
in the civilization
became a benevolent one
and they decided, well, we're
going to make this planet
a special experiment or
we're going to make it
a nature preserve
but we're going
to leave the species alone?
We'll do what we
can to help them.
>>REGINA: It seems to me
that's been a clear directive.
>>CARY: Right.
And do we need to be concerned
with a time in the future
when that policy changes?
That's my concern.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
and thus far, we've
been more or less--
I mean, yes, there
are 1,000 different
theories on this,
as to whether through
genetic manipulation
or direct manipulation
of some kind
other species have inserted
their genetic influence
and whatnot into us.
It's from the beginning, so
it's almost a moot point now.
Once they start figuring
out what junk DNA is,
they'll find out there's
not a lot of junk in there,
but there's a lot of
interesting stuff, right?
>>CARY: Right, exactly.
>>REGINA: So we're a hybrid
species to begin with.
And for me, I think the
concern doesn't-- I'm not that
concerned about it for
the simple reason that
you're looking at a species that
is a hybrid species that also
has a completely separate
non-physical aspect that
transcends it.
So if something happens
to the physical structures
of these DNA masses, you
move on down the road.
So to me, you just
merge with another type
of physical substance
if that's the choice.
And were so wrapped
around the axle
that something is going to be
altered in the human species--
it's already altered.
Wait till we start talking
about this other stuff
in a little bit, right?
So how do you blend that
thought with all of this?
Does it take some
of the fear out?
>>CARY: It does on some
level, because clearly we're
of importance to
this civilization.
>>REGINA: Yes, we are.
This planet is of importance.
>>CARY: Why they
choose to conceal
themselves is an endlessly
fascinating topic to me.
We've got scientists using new
types of telescopes that are
telling us that through
the use of these telescopes
they're detecting craft that
cannot be seen in our light
spectrum.
That's fascinating and that it
appears as though they're using
anti-matter as a type of
propulsion and that through
the exhaust of some
of these particles,
they're able to achieve an
invisibility within our--
>>REGINA: Like a cloaking.
>>CARY: A cloaking.
That is a civilization who
has gone to extreme lengths
to hide their presence.
>>REGINA: It might be
they are observers, too.
>>CARY: It could be.
>>REGINA: It could
be they simply
cruise around, take notes.
>>CARY: It could be.
>>REGINA: It could be something
as benign as like when we're
watching another species
or even other people
through one-way mirror.
>>CARY: Right.
And I mentioned
before how far we've
come as a species in 100 years.
Well, maybe that's was
the point and that's
what they're looking at.
And how can they
take that technique
and apply it to other
planetary bodies?
It's possible.
>>REGINA: It's not like
human beings aren't known
for our own secretive ways.
>>CARY: Right Exactly.
>>REGINA: And so just because
something cloaks or obscures
itself doesn't necessarily
mean it's evil.
>>CARY: No, no, not at all.
>>REGINA: It just means
it doesn't necessarily
want to interface in a conscious
fashion with whoever's here.
>>CARY: Right.
And what's also
fascinating to me
is that we're
beginning to notice it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Our technology is catching
up to where they are.
>>CARY: Right, like
the rats who eventually
see the bars of the cage
they're residing in.
We're beginning to see the
bars of our reality construct.
And that's got to
be something that's
very interesting to them.
>>REGINA: That's
fascinating, yeah.
Oh, gosh, OK, so regarding
the telescopes, OK,
so we have a whole other
conversation we want to go to,
but what else do we need
to know about the sun
and its activities.
Because it was very disturbing
a few years ago when
Ed Dames and others-- and
I interviewed him on this--
came out and were talking about
the killshot from the sun.
And there's always been
a disconnect for me.
This is life-giving force.
Why would it want to kill
everything in the solar system?
What's the point?
>>CARY: Right.
No, it's only dangerous
to us because we've
become so dependent upon
electronics system that
hasn't protected from the star.
If it were all grounded, well,
we just wouldn't worry at all.
But we're worried about
the gas pumps stopping.
>>REGINA: The
electronics systems.
>>CARY: And the food
trucks not rolling anymore
and the entire
internet going down.
And all of that could
be prevented if they had
spent the right kind of money.
>>REGINA: Yes, it
could have been.
>>CARY: And still could be.
There was a bill in
Congress a few years ago
in order to protect the power
grid by grounding it properly.
And it got shot down, of
course, in Washington,
as things will get shot down.
And so we're still
vulnerable on that level,
that 1885 Carrington
Event level.
And that's what's fascinating.
>>REGINA: And that wiped
out what percentage
of the population at the time?
>>CARY: Well, at that
time, barely anyone,
because there wasn't--
>>REGINA: Right, just
a few thousand people.
>>CARY: There wasn't any
sort of electrical system
grid built around the planet.
The most they had were
telegraph machines,
and these were running to
various railroad offices.
Now, those offices
reported sparks
flying out of the machinery
and things catching on fire.
And it killed a couple of the
operators of the telegraph
machine.
>>REGINA: But we
weren't wired yet.
>>CARY: But we weren't
wired like we are now.
>>REGINA: And so they
talk about the killshot
as leading to an extreme loss
of life around this planet.
I mean, as you say, we've
done nothing to blunt that.
We've done nothing
proactive along that line.
And you have to look
at it philosophically.
How much of an advantage
on a humanistic level
is it to us right
now that we've become
that dependent on that one
particular source of energy?
>>CARY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And
electronics in general.
>>CARY: Yeah,
And what's really
concerning it is
that at about the same time that
the Dames group was coming out
with their killshot
prediction, we clearly
picked up elements
of our government
who were paying
attention to that
and who had begun to prepare for
that exact event taking place.
And I'm talking about the
Department of Homeland Security
purchasing billions of
rounds of ammunition
at that exact point in time.
>>REGINA: And the increase
in underground bases.
>>CARY: Right.
These were people that
were paying attention
to what their CIA-trained
remote viewers were telling them
and were beginning to
prepare clandestinely
for that exact event to occur.
And that's when these
orbs showed up--
>>REGINA: Right, I
was just going to say.
>>CARY: And began to
interact with the star.
And it was clear.
Now, the Web Bot,
Cliff High's Web Bot
at this exact
moment in time also
detected something
very, very strange.
And he equated it with what
must have been a time traveler.
>>REGINA: Explain this.
>>CARY: Yeah, being
interjected into this system.
>>REGINA: When you're saying--
at this time right now?
>>CARY: Right, at that
same moment in time.
>>REGINA: At that
moment in time?
>>CARY: And this
was back in 2012.
>>REGINA: 2012, right.
OK.
>>CARY: They also detected
something very strange
occurring.
Because the Web Bot was
also predicting what
was being called the
Global Coastal Event.
This was going to
be an event that
wiped out the coastlines
around the world.
>>REGINA: Didn't happen.
>>CARY: Didn't happen.
So you had the Mayan prophecy,
the Web Bot, the Dames group,
the Department of
Homeland Security all
pointing in the same
direction at the time you had
these orbs show up,
interact with our star,
and all of a sudden
that all just goes away.
>>REGINA: So now isn't
that kind of reassuring?
>>CARY: It is,
because clearly we're
dealing with a
benevolence of some kind.
And these are creatures
who understood
the peril we were in and came.
And now our timeline
has been altered.
And where we go from
here, we don't know.
Because we were preparing
for a reset of human society
completely.
And it probably would
have began again
with the Amish in North
America, because these
are a people who
have already learned
to live without electricity,
who grew all their own food, who
produce their own livestock,
build their own furniture, who
are completely independent of
a system that is so at peril
from our star.
>>REGINA: What's
interesting about that, too,
is that when people
are viewing--
and this is what
I've noticed-- there
are often multiple potentials.
So they're viewing
into one potential.
>>CARY: That's right.
>>REGINA: And the whole thing
about prediction is flawed.
>>CARY: That's right.
Well, they've shown through
the Schrodinger cat experiments
that observation
changes the outcome.
>>REGINA: It does.
>>CARY: I made that argument
on the Paranormal Intelligence
Agency website that
it could be that
because these remote viewers
are seeing these events,
they are literally altering
the outcome of those events.
>>REGINA: That
could very well be.
And so I just wanted
to bring that up
because often times
predictions usually
don't turn out to--
they don't turn out.
For the most part,
very few predictions
we've heard, certainly
in the conspiracy
community across the board,
because I've been aware
of almost all of them, none of
them have happened, actually.
So you have to look at, is
it our desire, observation?
Is it a benevolent
species beyond us
that are assisting because
it's in nobody's best interest
to see this-- if
you want to call
it a terrarium or
an experiment--
go down when we're a really
unique species among species?
I've never gotten when I've
looked that this place is
in extreme peril.
It doesn't mean
it's not challenged,
but not extreme peril.
>>CARY: And that's what
we're picking up, is
that it appears as though
there are other beings who
are interested in our
survival and continuation
and are actively
pursuing those ends.
And we're beginning to see that
in a number of different areas
that we would describe
as being paranormal.
And that's what's fascinating.
>>REGINA: It is.
I mean, it's all juicy.
>>CARY: Right, right.
So we have what ufologists
call the cattle mutilation
phenomenon.
And you have people like
Johnny Mac and the man
who wrote "The
Threat," Dr. David M.
Jacobs from Temple
University, who at one time
taught the only accredited UFO
course in the entire United
States.
He's worked 40 years
with alien abductees.
And in so doing, he
came across a number
of patterns between abductees
that couldn't have been there
unless there was some sort of
basis to what they were saying.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
So they were all having
a similar experience,
but we don't where that
experience took place.
For example, I interviewed
Ken Cherry recently.
You know that work.
So he's saying a lot of
the stuff was terrestrial.
You have inner
earth alien species.
It's not necessarily happening
on a spaceship somewhere.
>>CARY: Could be what we call
ultra-terrestrial beings.
>>REGINA:
Ultra-terrestrial, right.
And it could be collaborations
between the spirit
that people are unconscious.
It can be possibly
against their will.
We really don't know.
It could run in genetics strains
where a particular tribe has
an agreement with another
species to allow themselves
to be worked with.
>>CARY: Exactly.
And what's interesting is in
a lot of long-term abductee
cases, the person initially
has a very bad opinion
and experience.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Because they're scared.
>>CARY: And slowly
that fear goes away,
and they come into this whole
of their understanding of what's
taking place.
>>REGINA: Expanded awareness.
>>CARY: Right.
And that whatever this
is, this species truly
thinks it's important
for our evolution,
or they wouldn't have
gone to such great lengths
in order to do it.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Well, now this takes us into
another really interesting area
that we were talking
about earlier
and the notion of these
power spots on the planet.
Because I can't
help but think some
of these bases,
underground bases,
are also aligned with
these spots, too.
Sedona is a famous one.
One man in the
intelligence community
said that in and around a
30-mile radius of Sedona
are something like six or
eight underground bases.
And you go out in
Boynton Canyon,
and you have cables that thick
coming out of red rocks out
in the wilderness.
What's up?
So let's just assume
that ET civilizations
and human civilizations,
military industrial,
are going to these power spots.
Let's talk about that and what
it takes to create these spots
and what's going on there.
>>CARY: Yeah, it's
fascinating you mention
that, because in a number
of areas around the world,
you have a vast array
of paranormal activity
all occurring within a
very small geographic area.
Now, these have been
traditionally referred
to as vortex areas.
And what you find in
these areas like Sedona,
like the San Luis Valley
of South Central Colorado,
is electromagnetic
fields that are
hundreds of times more
powerful than the surrounding
topography.
These are places where
indigenous peoples have always
held sacred, have witnessed
nonstop paranormal activity
taking place, what we would
describe as paranormal activity
taking place, all kinds
of strange activity.
These are places that somebody
in the industrial-military
complex has also now
focused on, and they
are beginning to not only
buy up land in these areas,
but place a military
presence there.
It's almost as though they
know the doorways are there,
and they're beginning to place
guards at those doorways.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Continue.
I'm going to bring one up
and see what you think.
>>CARY: Yeah,
well, one such case
would be the
so-called Skinwalker
Ranch that was investigated by
Robert Bigelow's now completely
private group.
They used to publish
their information,
but the National Institute
for Discovery Science
were the ones who actually
purchased the Sherman ranch,
which became Skin Walker Ranch.
>>REGINA: And so tell
people about this.
>>CARY: So Robert Bigelow is
a billionaire from Las Vegas.
He also owns Bigelow Aerospace,
which is fascinating.
He's one of the only people
has his own space station
in orbit around the planet.
So that's fascinating.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
He has curiosity, too.
>>CARY: Right.
And when he was young, he had
some paranormal experiences
and told himself, hey, when
I have the means and ways,
I'm going to form a group to
begin to study some of this.
Well, this became known
as the National Institute
for Discovery Science.
And one of the first
operations they did
was the so-called
"Skinwalker Ranch,"
which is now a famous book
written by Colm Kelliher, PhD,
and George Knapp, who
broke the Area 51 story.
And what ended up happening
was Robert Bigelow went around,
and he found some of the
world's best scientists,
and he paid them
a really nice fee
to go to this ranch
that was experiencing
paranormal activity on
a wide-ranging basis.
And you're talking about
orbs and UFOs and what
appears to be interdimensional
activity, ghost activity,
unexplained animal deaths.
They ran the gamut.
And so he got these world-class
scientists to go to this ranch,
and they stayed there for
eight years on this ranch
studying this phenomenon.
And the best they
could determine
was that they were interacting
with a non-human intelligence
that was somehow residing within
the topography of that land.
And it could be
that this is also
happening in other
areas around the world.
In fact, we're
pretty sure it is.
And you have different
areas, usually
in desolate places, where they
were once privately owned ranch
lands most of the time.
The military is quietly
buying up these areas
and quietly placing
a presence there.
And their scientists
have to be studying this.
There is no way they did not
notice Robert Bigelow's group.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CARY: Nor would they
dismiss their findings
because of the academic
credentials of the people who
were involved.
So I believe it
was at that stage
that they really begin to
take an active role in finding
these areas and
beginning to study them
without the public knowing.
>>REGINA: What are the
common traits or constituents
of the soil, earth
in those areas?
>>CARY: One is very large
quartz or limestone deposits.
Two is you'll have a--
>>REGINA: So granite?
>>CARY: Right.
And you'll also have
a very old, usually
in North America, a
Native American not only
presence there, but it's
places that they would
consider to be sacred land.
Because of their interaction
with these areas over so many
generations, they've learned--
>>REGINA: Well, and
you can see them.
When you're there, if
you close your eyes,
you can see the
elders still there.
>>CARY: Right.
And they've learned to
venerate these areas.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CARY: And so you can
always zero in on these areas
through that.
Now you can begin to
pick up military elements
in each one of these areas.
A lot of these
areas, you'll find
black, unmarked
military-style helicopters,
nonstop activity going on.
They're measuring something.
They're studying something.
They're concerned about
something at these areas,
or they wouldn't be doing
it so clandestinely.
And that's also something
that I've picked up
in a lot of occult
lore, is this idea
that these doorways could
be dangerous on some level.
>>REGINA: OK, the ancient,
ancient city of Ur, right?
>>CARY: Yes.
>>REGINA: So the
US goes in, does
what we're going to do when
we essentially invade Iraq.
One of the first things they did
was sequester the city of Ur.
>>CARY: And go to the ziggurat.
>>REGINA: Yep.
And nobody talks about that.
Then they built an embassy.
I think it's the
largest US embassy
in the world surrounding it
so no one has access to it
but whoever they allow in there.
And that's considered
to be one of the most
potent of those places, in
the parlance of our field,
stargate of sorts.
>>CARY: Yes, yes.
Now, you also have
what apparently
was a group of elite bloodlines
who trace their blood
lineage back to the very
first known man-god,
and his name was Ya.
That's where the word
Yahweh comes from.
>>REGINA: And this is through
Babylonian bloodlines.
>>CARY: Right.
And I believe
personally that they
were going back to
retrieve what they
saw as being family relics.
These are a group of people
who not only derive their right
to rule on this planet
from this blood lineage,
but they also believe that
they own all of-- that
those relics not only
show their right to rule,
but they have a right
to those relics.
And I think that's
where they all went.
I think they went
into these bloodlines,
and they're being
privately held now.
>>REGINA: And so the city of Ur
is just one example and a very
elaborate structure to protect,
where the rest are usually
virtually invisible or unknown.
It just looks like
nature for the most part,
unless you see a couple of
SUVs or a power box somewhere.
>>CARY: Exactly, exactly.
And it could even be that they
had something telling them
where to find a particular
item at that ziggurat,
that it was still there,
still hidden, still buried,
and that they could
go and retrieve it.
Would justify the expense
that they went to to get it.
>>REGINA: Well, now, you
look at the other level
of consciousness
interfacing with that.
These people feel entitled.
They feel connected, for
whatever their reasons are.
But on the other hand, you have
those who are so uninformed,
soldiers that went in and just
started defacing the place
and creating graffiti.
And it's like, which is worse?
I mean, these are
two extreme levels
of consciousness interfacing
with obviously a very
sacred area on the planet.
>>CARY: Right, and both with
completely different motives.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
I mean, ignorance
isn't always bliss.
>>CARY: Right.
Right.
And it's fascinating
to me that they
derive their right
to rule through that,
because all of our species
has been altered now.
It's not like they're
any different than any
of the rest of us.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
It's all been altered.
OK, so you were talking
about these areas that
have extreme quartz in them.
And this is just a personal
experience that happened,
and it just occurred to
me it happened in Sedona.
One time was in Sedona.
The other time was in an area
with high amounts of granite--
very high amounts of granite.
And it was a simple phenomena,
but it was powerful.
And one of them, my
cousin was with me,
and we both were, really?
And there are
massive green balls
of light coming from above
and then slamming down
into the earth.
And both times, again,
these are both areas
that have had
indigenous populations.
They're both areas with
very high mineral content
that we're talking about.
>>CARY: Right.
And we had mentioned the
San Luis Valley earlier.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Oh, let's talk about that.
I love it.
>>CARY: Which is
fascinating, because here's
an area that has just a nonstop
display of paranormal activity
going on.
One day we'll get
a witness that's
had a Sasquatch
encounter, the next day
a witness that's
had an interaction
with a UFO, the next day
a witness who's having
a poltergeist experience.
And they all live within
3.5 miles of each other.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
>>REGINA: It's a hot zone.
>>CARY: Right.
And so here is a
prime example of one
of these areas that
has high quartz
deposits underneath
in the topography that
has these gigantic
electromagnetic fields that
are being generated.
And this is where
it gets important,
because it's these
electromagnetic fields that
create a tear in the
membrane between dimensions.
And it is nothing but an
electromagnetic membrane
that separates our dimensions,
this dimension from the next.
And when you have a
tear in that membrane,
you can have a momentary
interaction between dimensions.
And we describe that
interaction as being paranormal.
And that's why these
areas have this vast array
of paranormal
activity all occurring
within a pretty small geographic
area, because you are tearing
the membrane between
dimensions, and you're causing
this occurrence to occur.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and the way I
see that is rather than a tear,
it's like an excitation
of frequencies
that happen and create
a permeability of sorts.
It's like a phase
shift opportunity
to be able to have a
bleed-through, so to speak.
>>CARY: Right.
And recently there
were some scientists
who have published a lot of work
referring to the Mach Effect.
There's a scientist
who's come up
with a device that can
make use of the Mach Effect
to actually cause
propulsion in an object.
Now, you're talking about
almost zero-point energy fields.
>>REGINA: Right.
And we think of Mach 1, 2, 3.
This almost sounds
like Mach in reverse.
What does this mean?
>>CARY: Well, basically
he's determined--
and he has a device called a
Mach effect thruster that he's
built that actually
picks up these fields
and is able to
generate propulsion
if you need to, but energy.
And he believes, and
these new scientists
believe, that using
the Mach Effect,
you're going to be able to
produce spacecraft that have,
in effect, the ability to use
this type of zero-point energy,
which is caused simply by
the movement of an object
through space and time.
That's what's fascinating.
And what we have with
the Earth is an object
moving through space and time.
And underneath in
these different areas,
you have the
topography necessary
in order to create this effect.
Now, the third principle
of the Mach Effect
is the ability to
produce benign wormholes.
Well, going back to the
Skinwalker Ranch and one
of their major interactions,
the scientists are up on a ridge
overlooking an area that
they've had nonstop activity in,
and then they're using
night-vision equipment
and thermal binoculars.
And they see a hole
open up in the ground,
and all of a sudden,
this creature that
is completely black
comes crawling up
out of this hole in the ground.
>>REGINA: Any other descriptors?
>>CARY: Well, not
many other than it
was a very strange
and scary experience.
But this creature crawled
up through a hole that
was generated in
the ground and just
walks off into the wilderness.
Now, that's interesting
when you consider
that the third principle
of the Mach Effect
is the creation of
benign wormholes, which
is what you need for this
interaction to occur.
>>REGINA: What's
occurring to me as you're
saying this is
we're looking-- we
also have parallel
timelines as well.
We have non-linear
time and space.
We have these frequency shifts.
All this stuff is going
on simultaneously.
And so you look
at it-- off camera
we were talking about
the popularization
of this theory of going
into these power spots
and disappearing, so to speak,
in the series "Outlander,"
which is so popular because
of Jamie Fraser I think.
Anyway, he's hot.
But women-- and men, but women
in particular love this series.
But it starts out with
going into a power
spot in the Scottish Highlands.
And the woman disappears
from that timeline
and is on a different timeline.
And these things happen as well.
>>CARY: Yeah,
fascinating that you
mention that, because
it was Louis L'Amour who
wrote the story "The
Vanishing Mesa," where
the Anasazi basically
did the same thing.
They went onto this power
spot and disappeared
into another dimension.
And it could be that
that's exactly what we're
looking at with
mass disappearances
around the world.
And it's happened
a number of times.
There are entire Inuit
villages in northern Alaska
that have just gone missing.
Hundreds of people there
one day, gone the next.
>>REGINA: I wouldn't have
put these two together,
but it's popping to mind,
so I'm just going to say it.
When I was in Crestone
with Steven Greer's group--
you remote view at night.
If you can, you
remote view at night.
But usually people
are more trained,
looking for extraterrestrial
stuff in the third dimension
or fourth dimensional spectrum.
You can see with your naked eye.
But as I was
viewing with them, I
would often dial into
what was going on that
wasn't terrestrial per se.
But in that area, what I found
funny at the time is everyone
is going like this,
and in the field behind
us were these phased-off craft
all around-- right behind us.
And I said, guys, use
your inner eyes now.
There's a whole
bunch of stuff here.
And so it's just hitting me.
If you have that degree
of activity and craft
that are phased off in
that dimensional field
and these people are just
running along and phasing out,
could there be an interaction
of some kind there?
>>CARY: Absolutely, and it may
play into this new finding that
was published in the Journal
of Modern Physics, the American
Journal of Modern Physics.
>>REGINA: Well,
tell us about this.
>>CARY: January 20
of this year, they
published a new
article describing
the use of these new telescopes,
where they're picking up
these craft that are
completely, totally hidden
using anti-matter particles.
Well, how would you
ever detect that?
And could be these
craft who are--
>>REGINA: Yeah, you have
to use your inside eyes.
>>CARY: Right.
Could they also may be
responsible for a lot of
[INAUDIBLE]?
>>REGINA: That's
what I'm wondering,
because when I was out
with Steven Greer's group
in another place,
same thing happened.
Each night it showed
itself, a semi-elliptical,
semi-transparent
blue craft, right?
But no one was seeing
it but me at the time
because it was inside.
The last day, we went out to the
crags in the Palm Springs area.
What's that called, Palm Desert?
Joshua Tree.
And someone actually
captured it on film,
on digital film--
semi-elliptical,
blue craft sitting right at the
base of exactly what I'd seen,
this flat rock
against the crags.
And it had this pink
auric field behind it.
And it was right there exactly
as it was showing itself if you
look into their dimension.
So again, these things
are all over the place.
I didn't feel any sense
of fear around them.
They're just there.
But on the other hand, I
suppose if someone disappears
in that general area, it
puts a different spin in it.
[LAUGHING]
>>CARY: You gotta put
them on your suspect list.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
There's no choice.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
that's interesting.
>>CARY: Which is
unfortunate, but I
did have an amazing experience
in Crestone one night.
Went there to investigate
some lights that
were being seen over the Great
Sand Dune National Monument.
And people familiar
with that area
know the so-called ziggurat
outside of Crestone
is actually just a spire
that is 50 feet tall that
was built by a group of
Buddhist monks in the area.
>>REGINA: Right.
It's beautiful.
>>CARY: Right.
So I was going to
go to this spire
and set up my surveillance
equipment at the top of it.
It's overlooking the sand dunes.
It's a perfect spot.
So I'm approaching the ziggurat,
the so-called ziggurat.
It's not.
And I had a buddy of mine
in a four-wheel drive.
He was taking me out there
to drop me off for the night.
I was just going to camp
out on top of the spire.
>>REGINA: You brave soul.
>>CARY: Yeah, right.
And so we're approaching it.
And it's a very, very
tough four-by-four trail
in order to get there.
And we're going up
this little embankment,
and up in front of us, we
see this figure, this man.
He's wearing overalls
and this checkered shirt.
And he's got a floppy,
brimmed hat on.
And you can't
really see his face.
And he kind of makes
this hunched walk
across the road in front of us.
You're talking about
maybe 50 yards or so.
We're thinking, oh, we're
going to get up here,
there's going to be
some tourists and cars.
I'm gonna have to wait them out.
And we think, oh, boy.
So we keep going.
And this figure makes
it clear across the road
over into the bush line.
Clearly we think he
sees us come and he's
trying to get out of the road.
We pull right up to where he
should be, and there's nothing.
And this area is
wide open space.
It's scrub brush and cactus,
and there's nowhere to hide,
absolutely.
We look at each other
like, what was that, right?
So I grab my equipment,
which includes
really highly advanced thermal
imaging and night vision
equipment.
And I run to the top of
the spire, 50 feet up.
Had about 45 minutes
of sunlight left.
And I take this equipment,
and I scan around
in 360 degrees for 45 minutes.
There's no movement at all in
an area where there's nowhere
to hide.
And so this figure
just vanished.
>>REGINA: Appeared and vanished.
>>CARY: Right in front of us.
>>REGINA: And not everybody
wears the floppy hat, right?
>>CARY: Right, and
maybe what you're seeing
is a denizen of one of
these other dimensions.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And it's not particularly
frightening-looking
in and of itself.
We don't know what is
in those other space.
>>CARY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And we talked off
camera a little bit about this,
but I've had a theory about
it, just my viewpoint,
about disappearing
species, where
if we have gone through
this relatively almost
lightning-speed shift that
Greg Braden used to talk about
long ago in his original
work, which was what I loved,
was the whole notion
that the planet is
going through this dimensional
shift or sub-dimensional.
Probably wouldn't live through
a full-on, full-frontal
dimensional shift.
But let's say a
sub-dimensional shift clearly
from the third into the
fourth and have pretty much
accomplished that.
Not all things,
not all life forms,
are equipped to travel that
same path in terms of changing
its own dimensional density.
And I believe that many of the
rapidly disappearing species,
where the whole
species is just gone,
is simply a function of their
phased into this dimension
or remaining in
one-dimensional field
while the rest of
what we see has
progressed into the new one.
>>CARY: Exactly.
And you hear a lot of
times the term "life wave."
Well, it could be that these
different species are actually
existing on their own frequency.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
They're still there right.
>>CARY: Right.
And those frequencies
can't make it
into this particular reality.
But they're still there,
living on their frequency.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
That's what I think.
I don't think they've just
died out and become extinct.
I think they're just
where we can't see them.
And we've had evidence,
I mean certainly
in ancient lore about dragons.
But in addition, some astute
beings-- and a channel
we had in recently, I
asked about these things.
And they said, no, dragons
lived in your domain
once upon a time,
but that was when
the frequencies were different.
And they're still there.
They're just phased off.
You can't see them now.
>>CARY: Right.
Well, that's interesting
you bring up dragons,
because we've had a number of
recent modern-day pterodactyl
sightings.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>CARY: That would
almost fit the bill.
And this includes animal
kills that look like they
have been killed by something--
>>REGINA: Yes, I have
read about these.
>>CARY: From the air,
looks like these creatures
are leaving three-toed
prints in the ground,
so they're leaving
physical evidence behind.
And we've begun to
wonder whether or not,
because we know so
little about some
of these prehistoric
creatures, did some of them
go into a type of hibernation?
Maybe they're
beginning to reawaken
in different remote areas
like northern New Mexico.
>>REGINA: Or they could
be even bleeding through--
>>CARY: Bleeding through
inter-dimensionally.
I had a witness who came to
me from England, actually,
a scientist.
And he brought up an
interesting point.
He said, did it
ever occur to you
that all of these different
cryptozoological animals
that we keep seeing all came
from the same time span?
Could it be that
they're still there,
they're just bleeding
back into this reality.
>>REGINA: That's my belief,
is they're still there
and that during that time span,
the frequencies of the planet
were very different.
It shifted.
>>CARY: And they all existed
within a 20-million-year period
of each other, which
is a blink of an eye.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And so when you
look at it that way,
I mean again, you can say one
has rose-colored glasses on,
but there you can view
the world and this reality
anyway you want, right?
And I tend to look at it just--
I don't tend to approach it
with fear per se.
And to me, it's just
as logical to assume
that as to assume they've
all been poisoned and died
overnight.
>>CARY: Right, exactly.
>>REGINA: That usually
doesn't happen that quickly.
>>CARY: Yeah, exactly,
and we're always
interested when physical
evidence is left behind,
because that then shows
us how this can interact
with our reality and how
real it can become to us,
even though you're
talking about frequencies
and fields and everything.
To us, it's no different than
the solidity of this table.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Exactly.
OK, so another area that
you're interested in right now,
which I find
fascinating, is-- I love
the story on this planet of all
the different types of species
that are humanoid,
that have been here
before-- the giants with
fascinating red hair
and interesting clothing on
from 15,000, 20,000 years ago.
These guys are great.
But all of it-- I mean, in
Ohio, the king and queen
that were buried intertwined.
She's covered in pearls
all around the body,
the giants of Sardinia.
And now the little people.
Of course, we have the
little floresiensis,
I guess Indonesia, the
little hobbit people.
And you have some interesting
things you're looking into.
>>CARY: I do.
Recently JC Johnson, who founded
Crypto Four Corners, of which
I'm the vice president,
began to conduct
an investigation in
northern Minnesota
and to Native American
reports of what
they call the [INAUDIBLE],
or the little people.
>>REGINA: The little people.
>>CARY: Right.
And this comes at a time after
discovery of a non-human hobbit
species-- they've proven
now that they were
non-human-- on the island
of Flores off of Indonesia,
they're called
Homo floresiensis.
And this species may--
>>REGINA: They're like
two and a half feet tall.
>>CARY: Yeah, tiny,
tiny little things.
And what's fascinating was that
they were hunting little pygmy
animals on the same
island, little pygmy
elephants and stuff.
>>REGINA: Do we have any
idea of how long ago this
may have been at all?
>>CARY: That I don't know.
I'll have to re-look at
what their finding was.
It was at least a couple
of million years ago.
And these remains were found
in a cave on the island.
And at first, it was
just a huge controversy.
How could you have different
species like this living
on the same planet and stuff?
But what we're
beginning to see is
that it's possible that
this species that we have
a scientific record of now
may have an offshoot, a cousin
species, if you will, living
in northern Minnesota.
>>REGINA: What evidence
have you found?
>>CARY: We've collected
photographic evidence of them,
which is now on the Paranormal
Intelligence Agency website.
You can see the
photographic evidence
we have, along with a lot of
Native American witnesses.
Now, this is something
that we've always
held in high value, because
what we've discovered
is that the indigenous first
nations people of North America
are often totally honest with us
with what they're experiencing.
And it was through
this interaction,
basically, with elements of the
Navajo Nation in northern New
Mexico that we were able to
obtain DNA from Sasquatch.
That was, in fact, a part of
two separate genome studies.
Most people just have no idea.
>>REGINA: We're going
to go there, too.
>>CARY: Right.
But here in northern
Minnesota, we
have that same sort
of relationship.
And we had a number of
Native Americans approach
Crypto Four Corners
and say, yeah, we've
seen these creatures.
We believe some
of these creatures
are responsible for a
recent missing persons case.
>>REGINA: Really?
>>CARY: Yeah.
Isn't that fascinating?
>>REGINA: These
tiny little guys?
>>CARY: Right.
And they've got a pretty
fearsome reputation
among the Native
American people.
>>REGINA: Really?
What are they known
characteristically?
>>CARY: They're known
for abducting people.
>>REGINA: And what do
they do with the people?
>>CARY: They eat them.
>>REGINA: Oh!
Well--
>>CARY: [LAUGHING]
>>REGINA: That's unpleasant.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
>>CARY: They're cannibalistic.
>>REGINA: OK, we want to
stay away from those caves.
>>CARY: Right.
But we believe we've obtained
a picture of one of them.
They are described as
being greenish in color.
We think that's because of the
amount of plant chlorophyll
that they consume in their
diet, actually, and the fact
that they don't have human DNA.
It's a different
species altogether.
But that photograph
is on the site.
So you can take a look at it.
It's fascinating.
Now, JC is still there.
He believes he's getting ever
closer to the actual den,
if you will, of where
these creatures are living
and is hoping to obtain
remains so that it
can be studied and
corroborated with the findings
from Indonesia.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
OK, let's go back to
Sasquatch for a moment.
And let's talk about
what's going on DNA-wise.
>>CARY: OK, so not only was
our group able to obtain DNA,
but in the first genome
study, which was headed by Dr.
Melba Ketchum, she had over
100 samples taken from various
researchers all around--
>>REGINA: All over the world?
>>CARY: All over
the world, mainly
in North America, that basically
became part of a vast genome
study.
And what they were able to
determine in this first genome
study is that about 12,000
to 15,000 years ago there
appears to have been a hominid
species, upright walking, just
like the Homo
floresiensis hobbits,
but a large species
that is right
now still uncatalogued in
biology and in science.
Because they've never
found the bones, right?
But this species, at a time
that scientists believe
a cometary impact
occurred on the planet
12,000 to 15,000 years ago,
the Younger Dryas Period,
ended up interbreeding
with archaic human females.
And they produced the
lineage that we now
call Sasquatch, or Bigfoot.
And what's fascinating is
when you look biblically
into the story of
Esau, you have what
appears to be a description
of this very event occurring.
It is a disguised
parable of the offshoot
of this part of humanity.
Esau was born clutching
Jacob's ankle.
He's covered in long,
red hair, and he
becomes a wild man
of the woods that
could hunt down prey on foot.
You're describing
exactly what we're
seeing on a modern-day level.
This is describing this
offshoot of humanity
as coming from the
same bloodline.
And these become
the forest-dwellers,
the wild people, while
Jacob becomes the very first
tent-dwelling society.
So you get to see
the splitting off
of these two
lineages of humanity,
because that's
what the DNA shows.
>>REGINA: Yeah, talk about that.
>>CARY: It shows that 12,000 to
15,000 years ago, this breeding
interaction occurred.
Therefore, these
creatures have human DNA.
And that's something that has
implications for all of us
and for anyone who's
interested in the species,
is the fact that they have
a human-like intelligence
with what appears to be
superhuman-like physical
abilities.
We're now convinced through
a second genome study--
two summers ago we went on
a really, really successful
expedition in which we were able
to collect fresh DNA from two
locations in northern New
Mexico that were separated
by 80 miles of terrain.
Both of them had witnesses
to the DNA being left.
Now, we got the
executive director
of the University of New Mexico
Gallup, Dr. Christopher Dyer,
to accompany us to
collect the samples so
that we made sure there was
no contamination whatsoever.
Now that's part of a
second genome study,
and sure enough, it
corroborates the first.
This breeding
interaction did occur.
These creatures are real.
They are no longer
a mystery to us.
If people recall the
Erickson Project,
you can right now
Google and pull up
high-definition
video of a subject
that DNA was taken
from in Kentucky.
We named her Mildred.
And so she's got a nickname.
Often researchers give
these creatures a nickname
because they seem so human.
>>REGINA: Right-- Lucy, Mildred.
>>CARY: Yeah.
But they were able to
walk right up to her,
take hair right off of her.
That was part of the sequence.
This footage was shown
on ABC, NBC, CBS News.
It was a big story that day.
The next day, you never heard--
>>REGINA: Dead, gone.
>>CARY: Gone.
>>REGINA: Like disclosure.
>>CARY: That's right.
>>REGINA: I mean, to me,
everything we're talking about,
I feel totally at home.
I love this information.
I'm fascinated with
what you're doing.
Is there anything else
right now you can tease us
with-- because we'll certainly
have you back-- in terms
of what you're looking into?
>>CARY: Absolutely.
We have a number of
active cases right now.
Probably the most
interesting is a case
that's taking place down
in the Four Corners area.
I won't divulge
the exact location,
but this is another
Skinwalker Ranch type case.
What we have is a lady who lives
in a remote, 40-acre ranch-like
area who has nonstop paranormal
activity taking place.
Now, we're talking
everything from what
appears to be an elder or
perhaps injured Sasquatch
that's predating her
livestock-- and she
has an abandoned orchard
on the property, which
we found is like a candy
store to these creatures--
along with what appeared to
be pterodactyl sightings.
A number of times the
family has returned home
to find all of their cutlery
in the driveway in a circle.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>CARY: Right?
The neighbor has inherited--
>>REGINA: They're setting up
their own little stone circle.
Beam me up.
>>CARY: Right.
30 acres away is an area
on a neighbor's property
where nothing will grow.
They had that soil tested.
And the gentleman turned
white, and he said, well,
you've got an amazing amount
of organic matter here.
And they said, what
do you mean "organic?"
It's just soil.
He said, this is a graveyard.
>>REGINA: Oh.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
>>CARY: So that, along with
I'm currently authoring a book
having to do with a lot of our
cases, a lot of these theories
and how they inter-mesh
with one another.
>>REGINA: How soon
might that be out?
>>CARY: Probably in
the next six months.
>>REGINA: Next six months?
Oh, good.
So as soon as it's out,
then send me a copy,
and we'll have you back.
>>CARY: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: I would
love to do that.
It's been so fun.
Thank you so much.
>>CARY: Thank you for having me.
>>REGINA: To dig into
Jack's information,
you can go to paranormal
intelligence agency.com.
Until next time, thank you
for joining us here on Gaia.
[THEME MUSIC]